Updated: SRSClient URL to new HTTPS endpoint (#8054)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/8054.bugfix.rst

> Fixes the issue https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy/issues/8022. Updated the SRSClient to use the new HTTPS endpoint instead of the outdated FTP link used earlier which caused a CI test to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Corrected the NOAA `~.SRSClient` to use a updated HTTPS server instead of the now defunct FTP.
```
